Add a page for general contribution guidelines. (#28)
godotengine/godot-contributing-docs: organization/general_rules_and_guidelines.rst

since these licenses effectively disallow static linking in proprietary software
(which Godot is distributed as in most exported projects).
This also applies for libraries that are only linked in the editor.

Another example of incompatible licenses you should be aware of is "source-available" code.
Most notably, you cannot submit code or ideas from proprietary game engines like Unreal or Unity.
This includes using their code as a reference. We strongly recommend against reading any "source-available" code before
making contributions to Godot, as this may impact your ability to contribute.

Contribute only what you understand
-----------------------------------

Please only submit code that you understand and are prepared to explain to a maintainer.

If you do not fully understand the code, please take extra care to test it rigorously, and disclose this in your
pull request description.

This especially applies if you implement the idea of another person, copy code from elsewhere, or if you use AI to
assist you with your contribution. In all of these cases, you must disclose which part of your submission wasn't fully
authored by you.

Disclose the use of AI
----------------------

> When making contributions with the assistance of AI, you must disclose that you used AI, and what you used the AI for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When making contributions with the assistance of AI, you must disclose that you used AI, and what you used AI for.
```

General rules and guidelines
============================

This page contains guidelines relevant for contributing to any area of Godot.

When contributing to any particular area, please also refer to its respective guidelines.

Respect our Code of Conduct
-------------------------------

When you contribute to Godot, we expect that you respect our `Code of Conduct <https://godotengine.org/code-of-conduct/>`__.

.. _doc_licenses:

Respect copyright
-----------------

You must be mindful of the copyright and patent rights of anything you submit.

If you authored every part of your contribution and own the rights, this is not a problem.
You can submit your contribution without reading further.

> However, any code or assets you took from somewhere else may be subject to copyright or patent rights,

Reviewer 2: haha I'm getting tired of telling people that I used dashes before LLMs took 'm over but YES

which you must respect. In such cases, you need to check the license of the material. Some licenses are permissive
enough to be compatible with Godot's `MIT license <https://github.com/godotengine/godot/blob/master/LICENSE.txt>`.
You must include this license in your contribution.
Examples of compatible licenses include Apache 2.0, BSD, ISC, MPL 2.0, and MIT itself.

> However, others are not compatible with Godot's license. This includes "copy-left" licenses like GPL or LGPL,

Reviewer 2: Removing the second 'however' here.

```suggestion
Most other licenses are not compatible with Godot's license. This includes "copy-left" licenses like GPL or LGPL,
```

-----------------------------------

Please only submit code that you understand and are prepared to explain to a maintainer.

If you do not fully understand the code, please take extra care to test it rigorously, and disclose this in your
pull request description.

This especially applies if you implement the idea of another person, copy code from elsewhere, or if you use AI to
assist you with your contribution. In all of these cases, you must disclose which part of your submission wasn't fully
authored by you.

AI-assisted contributions
-------------------------

The use of AI to contribute to Godot is discouraged.

We acknowledge that AI can be useful, but we are convinced that human effort results in better and more relevant
contributions.

.. note:: "AI" in this page refers to any LLM/generative
          AI model like ChatGPT, Claude, Grok, etc., or any other
          models that fulfill the same role. Using translation
          software to communicate is fine, and single-line code
          completion does not have to be disclosed.

If you do use AI, we expect that you put in effort to proofread and improve anything it generates, and that you disclose

> what you used AI for. Maintainers are spending their personal time reviewing your code, please make sure

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
what you used AI for. As maintainers spend significant time reviewing your code, please make sure
```

that the code you submit is well-tested and functional.
Please be respectful of their time and only submit something you have put thought and effort into.

> Contributions made entirely by AI are prohibited.

Reviewer 2: This is a rather important sentence that should have been stated at the start of this chapter.

General rules and guidelines
============================

This page contains guidelines relevant for contributing to any area of Godot.

When contributing to any particular area, please also refer to its respective guidelines.

Respect our Code of Conduct
-------------------------------

When you contribute to Godot, we expect that you respect our `Code of Conduct <https://godotengine.org/code-of-conduct/>`__.

.. _doc_licenses:

Respect copyright
-----------------

You must be mindful of the copyright of anything you submit.

If you authored every part of your contribution, this is not a problem. You can submit your contribution
without reading further.

> However, any code, images, or ideas you took from somewhere else have a copyright you must respect.

Reviewer 3: I can't be bothered to reply another suggestion so I just edited the Oxford comma on yours

> However, any code, images, or ideas you took from somewhere else have a copyright you must respect.

Author: This used to say "intellectual property" which certainly does apply to ideas separate from the implementation. We can't implement an algorithm if it's proprietary, even if we don't use the same implementation. Maybe we should rephrase again?

without reading further.

However, any code, images, or ideas you took from somewhere else are "intellectual property" of the source
you took it from.

In this case, you need to check the license of the intellectual property. Some are permissive enough to be compatible
with Godot's `MIT license <https://github.com/godotengine/godot/blob/master/LICENSE.txt>`__. You must include this
license in your contribution.
Examples of acceptable licenses include Apache 2.0, BSD, MIT, ISC, and MPL 2.0.

However, others are not compatible with Godot's license. This includes "copy-left" licenses like GPL or LGPL,
since these licenses effectively disallow static linking in proprietary software
(which Godot is distributed as in most exported projects).
This also applies for libraries that are only linked in the editor.

Another example of incompatible licenses you should be aware of is "source-available" code.
Most notably, you cannot submit code or ideas from proprietary game engines like Unreal or Unity.
This includes using their code as a reference. We strongly recommend against reading any "source-available" code before

> making contributions to Godot, as this may impact your ability to contribute.

Reviewer 3: Other engines too may (and do) use freely available code as reference for their implementations. So this part can feel a bit vague...

I know what this means but "as this may impact your ability to contribute." implies we come to their house and break their knees and it's making me chuckle a bit.
```suggestion
"Source-available" is **not** "open-source". For example, you cannot submit code or ideas exclusively from proprietary game engines like Unreal or Unity.
This includes using their code as a reference. We strongly recommend against reading any "source-available" code before
making contributions to Godot, as this may impact your ability to contribute.
```

Author: > I know what this means but "as this may impact your ability to contribute." implies we come to their house and break their knees and it's making me chuckle a bit.

"Read proprietary code at your own peril. You have been warned."

Contribute only what you understand
-----------------------------------

Please only submit code that you understand and are prepared to explain to a maintainer.

If you do not fully understand the code, please take extra care to test it rigorously, and disclose this in your
pull request description.

This especially applies if you implement the idea of another person, copy code from elsewhere, or if you use AI to
assist you with your contribution. In all of these cases, you must disclose which part of your submission wasn't fully
authored by you.

AI assisted contributions
-------------------------

The use of AI to contribute to Godot is discouraged.

We acknowledge that AI can be useful, but we are convinced that human effort results in better and more relevant
contributions.

If you do use AI, we expect that you put in effort to proofread and improve anything it generates, and that you disclose

> what you used the AI for. Maintainers are spending their personal time reviewing your code, it is your job to ensure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
what you used AI for. Maintainers are spending their personal time reviewing your code, it is your job to ensure
```
It's used in the indefinite sense everywhere else

that the code you submit is well-tested and functional.
Please be respectful of their time and only submit something you have put thought and effort into.

Contributions made entirely by AI are prohibited.

> .. note:: When this page refers to "AI" it means any LLM/generative

Reviewer 3: It may be ideal to shift this note way up because AI is hinted at way sooner than this section, but I am not sure.
